How to use a WaDeD
==================

### Needed programs

* ChibiOS
This program use the real time operating system ChibiOS.
Clone the ChibiOS repository : git clone git@github.com:ChibiOS/ChibiOS-RT.git
In order to compil the applications specify the location of ChibiOS repository
in the Makefiles.

* Arm none eabi toolchain
Visit https://launchpad.net/gcc-arm-embedded to install the toolchain on your
computer

# USB interface

The WaDeD communicates with a USB host with a serial over USB protocol.
When connected to a host we experienced that the host sends some unwanted data
at the beggining of the connection, so to prevent the WaDeD to execute unwanted
commands it must receive a special sequence of information from the connection
before starting to use it. Once the sequence is sent, the WaDeD will accept
commands from the usb and also send data to the host.

The sequence are 3 consecultives ping commands.

In linux computers, the WaDeD will apear as /dev/ttyACM%

To communicate through USB, you can use minicom, or the python client in the
client directory. But it experiences some problems with the serial connexion,
maybe only on Ubuntu.

# USB commands

The WaDeD interface is a very simple one, all information sent or received by
the usb are composed by human readable characters, so you do not need any
special sofware to communicate with the WaDeD.

User commands:
Messages the user can send to a WaDeD

ping
    Command with no parameters that is responded with an act
    When connexion with a host start, the WaDeD will wait for tree
    consecutive ping commands to start the communication.

set_id x
    x is a number that represents the address that the user will have in the
    WaDeD network. Returns an ack and all the messages that are addressed to
    that id in the WaDeD

set_date aaaa mo dd hh mi ss
    Used to the waded so it can create its timestamp.
    aaaa = year
    mo = month
    dd = day
    hh = hour
    mi = minute
    ss = second
    returns an ack

get_id
    Command with no parameters, returns the id of the user.

send_txt x string
    Add a message to be shared in the WaDeD network.
    x is the address of the message destination.
    string is the message.

WaDeD user messages:
Messages the WaDeD send to the user

ack
    Response to good commands

nack string
    Response to bad commands, string contains the possible error.

rec_txt x string
    Used to give the user a message. x is the source address and string is the
    message.

my_id x
    x is the current WaDeD address.

# Twitter

We have a twitter client, still in beta. So to use it you will have first to
set the id of the WaDeD, and then lauch the twidded script in client folder.
Messages addressed to this id will be tweeted by WaDeD.
